This system has been designed to completely and efficiently manage the entire life cycle of a product, from its supply to final delivery, including warehouse management and promotional strategies. At the center of everything we find the Product, identified by a unique SKU code, and enriched by a name, a detailed description, a support contact and an indication of its availability. To offer maximum flexibility to the customer, each Product can come in numerous Variants, each with its own code and specific sales price, allowing you to easily manage differences in size, color or configuration. The journey of a product begins with our Suppliers, each recognized by their own company name and associated with an average supply cost. To optimize logistics, each supplier is strategically connected to a single and specific warehouse, which, in turn, can receive goods from multiple different suppliers. These warehouses, identified by the location name, represent the central nodes of our inventory: each warehouse can house a wide range of products, but to ensure precise tracking, each individual product is assigned to only one storage location. When a product is ready to ship, the distribution network comes into play. This is managed by Couriers, identified by the name of the company. Each warehouse is assigned a single reference courier for its shipments, although a single courier can be responsible for logistics for multiple warehouses at the same time. Delivery coverage is defined by the Geographical Areas; the system is very flexible in this area, since a courier can serve different areas and, at the same time, a single area can be covered by multiple couriers, thus ensuring capillarity and efficiency. Finally, to stimulate sales, the system manages Promotions, each with its own identifying name. Their application is extremely versatile: the same promotion can be valid for many different products and, vice versa, a single product can benefit from multiple promotional campaigns active at the same time, offering infinite marketing possibilities.