Imagine an information system designed to be the beating heart of a university's academic management, a digital place where the entire organizational structure and each individual student's path are tracked with precision and consistency. At the top of this structure we find the Faculties, the large thematic areas that bring together related disciplines. Each Faculty is uniquely identified by a code and has a name that describes its scope, such as "Engineering" or "Humanities". Within each Faculty, the organization is divided into Departments; a Department, also defined by a specific code and name, represents a more specialized research and teaching centre. The relationship is clear: a Faculty can include numerous Departments, but each Department belongs to a single Faculty, ensuring a hierarchical and orderly organization. It is the Departments that give life to the training offer, proposing and managing the various degree courses. Each course is a well-defined study path, identified by a unique code, a full name, its type of degree (for example, three-year or master's degree) and the year in which it was activated. A single Department can be responsible for multiple courses, but each Degree Course refers to a single reference Department. The protagonists of this academic universe are, of course, the Students. Each of them is registered in the system with a personal identification number that identifies them unequivocally, together with their surname and name. Their academic progress is constantly monitored through the average grade and the total number of credits acquired. The fundamental link is with the chosen study path: each student is enrolled in only one degree course, while a course welcomes a multitude of students, year after year. To complete the picture of a student's career, the system keeps track of his current status through a classification of possible statuses, each with its own code and a clear description, such as "Active", "Graduated" or "Out of course". Each student, at any given moment, is in one and only one of these states, allowing the administration to have a precise and updated vision of the student population and its path.